# Restaurant-recommander-system
For this project the Wide and Deep architecture was recreated taking inspiration from the research paper "[Wide & Deep Learning for Recommender Systems](https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.07792)", an architecture developed by Google, which is a type of recommender system that uses deep learning to generate recommendations. It is composed of 2 parts:

1. Deep Tower: The deep tower consists of an embedding layer and 4 fully connected layers. In the context of the Wide and Deep model, the deep tower aims to learn abstract representations of data by extracting high-level features and modeling complex interactions between attributes. Categorical attributes are processed through the embedding layer. Thus, the categorical attributes are transformed into vectors of real values, which can then be learned and adjusted during model training. Numeric attributes can be entered directly into the deep tower, subject to normalization. The data is transformed using the weighted sum of the inputs and a non-linear ReLU activation function, allowing the model to learn complex relationships.

2. Wide Tower: The Wide Tower is a component of the Wide and Deep model that uses a single fully connected layer. This layer has the role of learning simple interactions that are less abstract, namely numerical attributes, compared to those learned by the deep tower. The broad component is actually a linear model, which computes a linear combination of the inputs. This means that each numerical input attribute is multiplied by a weight and all results are added together to produce a score. The purpose of this broad layer is to capture the importance of each feature on its own, as well as the simple interactions between features, which can be essential for accurate recommendations.

The recommander system returns restaurants based on user preferences, which represents content-based filtering.
